title Profile Sequence Diagram
participant User
participant ApplicationInterface 
participant UserRequestHandler
participant ProfileHandler
participant DataHandler

activate User
User->ApplicationInterface:clickProfileButton()
activate ApplicationInterface
ApplicationInterface->UserRequestHandler:sendProfileDataRequest(userID)
activate UserRequestHandler
UserRequestHandler->ProfileHandler:forwardProfileDataRequest(userID)
activate ProfileHandler
ProfileHandler->DataHandler:getProfileData(userID)
activate DataHandler
DataHandler->DataHandler:queryDBMS()
activate DataHandler
space
deactivate DataHandler

ProfileHandler<--DataHandler:profileData
deactivate DataHandler
UserRequestHandler<--ProfileHandler:profileData
deactivate ProfileHandler
ApplicationInterface<--UserRequestHandler:profileData
deactivate UserRequestHandler
ApplicationInterface->ApplicationInterface:displayProfilePage(profileData)
activate ApplicationInterface
space
deactivate ApplicationInterface
User<--ApplicationInterface:
deactivate ApplicationInterface

User->ApplicationInterface:clickEditDataButton()
activate ApplicationInterface
User<--ApplicationInterface:
User->ApplicationInterface:modifyData(editedData)
ApplicationInterface->UserRequestHandler:sendEditDataRequest(editedData)
activate UserRequestHandler
UserRequestHandler->ProfileHandler:forwardEditDataRequest(editedData)
activate ProfileHandler
ProfileHandler->ProfileHandler:checkDataValidity(editedData)
activate ProfileHandler
deactivateafter ProfileHandler
alt CorrectData
ProfileHandler->DataHandler:editProfileData(editedData)
activate DataHandler
DataHandler->DataHandler:updateDBMS()
activate DataHandler
space
deactivate DataHandler
ProfileHandler<--DataHandler:updatedProfileData
deactivate DataHandler
UserRequestHandler<--ProfileHandler:updatedProfileData
deactivate ProfileHandler
ApplicationInterface<--UserRequestHandler:updatedProfileData
deactivate UserRequestHandler
ApplicationInterface->ApplicationInterface:displayProfilePage(updatedProfileData)
activate ApplicationInterface
space
deactivate ApplicationInterface
deactivate ApplicationInterface
else WrongData
activate ProfileHandler
activate UserRequestHandler
activate ApplicationInterface
UserRequestHandler<--ProfileHandler:wrongDataException
deactivate ProfileHandler
ApplicationInterface<--UserRequestHandler:wrongDataException
deactivate UserRequestHandler
ApplicationInterface->ApplicationInterface:showPopup(wrongDataException)
activate ApplicationInterface
deactivateafter ApplicationInterface
end
User<--ApplicationInterface:
deactivate User